It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
What doesn’t kill you, disappoints me.
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
Scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
Your family tree must be a cactus because everyone on it is a prick.
Your only purpose in life is as an organ donor.
Someday you’ll go far… and I hope you stay there.
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
If I had a face like yours I’d sue my parents.
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.

If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.

Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.

The zoo called. They’re wondering how you got out of your cage?

Jesus loves you… but everyone else thinks you’re an asshole.

Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.

I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.

Hey, you have something on your chin… no, the 3rd one down.

Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.

I love the sound you make when you shut up.

I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.

You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.

Brains aren’t everything. In your case they’re nothing.

I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.

You’re so ugly when you look in the mirror, your reflection looks away.

When you were born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to your dad, “I’m very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through.”

Grab a straw, because you suck.

I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.

Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.

It’s better to let someone think you’re stupid than open your mouth and prove it.

Isn’t there a bullet somewhere you could be jumping in front of?

Hey, your village called – they want their idiot back.

Were you born this stupid or did you take lessons?

I’ve been called worse by better.

You’re such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful person. Oh I’m sorry, I thought we were having a lying competition.

You should really come with a warning label.

I may love to shop but I’m not buying your bull.

Do you always act like an idiot or do you just show off when I’m around?

The people who tolerate you on a daily basis are the real heroes.

Don’t you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?

I’d slap you but I don’t want to make your face look any better.

Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.

You know, all the makeup and the clothes can’t change what an ugly person you really are.

Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.

I just stepped in something that was smarter than you… and smelled better too.

You have the right to remain silent because whatever you say will probably be stupid anyway.

Jealousy is a disease. Get well soon.

I’m an acquired taste. Don’t like me, acquire some taste.

The jerk store called, they’re running out of you.

Don’t be ashamed of who you are. That’s your parent’s job.

Too bad you can’t Photoshop your ugly personality.

Have a nice day, somewhere else.

I am returning your nose. I found it in my business.

There’s no doubt about it. Your father should have pulled out earlier.

I hear there’s a new app called a sense of humour. You should try downloading it.

You can’t Photoshop personality.